Shalom this is jonathan cahn and i am
encouraging you urging you to join in
prayer for this nation on 9/11 National
Day of Prayer repentance if there was
ever an hour when this nation needed
prayer it's now we are in danger we have
driven God out of our government we have
driven God out of our culture we have
mocked him
we have called what is evil good and
good evil we have gone against the ways
of God and when this happened in ancient
Israel judgment came and we are now
seeing the signs of warning and judgment
coming on this land that's what the
Harbinger is about but ultimately the
hope is not in government or culture or
Wall Street or Washington the hope is in
God's people coming before him the only
hope for this nation is Yeshua Jesus the
Messiah apart from him there's no hope
and yet this must come through God's
people that God gives a promise and he
says if my people who are called by my
name will humble themselves and pray and
seek my face and turn from their evil
ways I'll hear from heaven I'll forgive
their sin and I will heal their land
the key is my people here and that's us
if the church had been the light to
America it was supposed to be it could
never have gotten as dark as it's become
if it had become the salt if we were the
salt of this land that we were to be
could never have gone as rotten or
decayed as it has so here is the moment
now it's a critical moment America
stands at the threshold and we must come
before God if my people and revival
begins with us because it said if my
people will turn from their evil ways it
begins with us and so make this day a
day the day the very day when the
greatest shaking we have known most of
us in our lifetime took place on 9/11
let it be a day of calling out to God
crying out for his mercy and praying for
his will and letting his will be done
even in our life because if we pray for
revival for others we have to be willing
to live in revival for our
let it be a day of repentance as well
pray for the church that it would become
what it is to what God has called it to
be pray for this nation that those who
would hear would come pray for the youth
pray for the cities pray for the
government pray for the Heartland pray
for God to do whatever he has to do that
this nation will come to God and pray
for God's will on your own life because
that's how it begins so remember the day
I'm sure you won't forget 9/11 day of
repentance prayer and repentance and
let's seek God because God's never
finished
he always has a way and he wants to do
it through us god bless you